WHAT’S NEW
SNOWFLAKE INTELLIGENCE AND NO-CODE AGENTIC AI
Firstname Lastname
Title  |  Company
1

Safe Harbor and Disclaimers
© 2025 Snowflake Inc. All rights reserved. Snowflake, the Snowflake logo, and all other Snowflake product, feature and service names mentioned in the Materials are registered trademarks or trademarks of Snowflake Inc. in the United States and other countries. All other brand names or logos mentioned or used in the Materials are for identification purposes only and may be the trademarks of their respective holder(s). Snowflake may not be associated with, or be sponsored or endorsed by, any such holder(s).
Other than statements of historical fact, all information contained in these materials and any accompanying oral commentary (collectively, the “Materials”), including statements regarding (i) Snowflake’s business strategy, plans or priorities, (ii) Snowflake’s new or enhanced products, services, and technology offerings, including those that are under development or not generally available, (iii) market growth, trends, and competitive considerations, (iv) our vision for Snowpark, the Data Cloud, and industry-specific Data Clouds, including the expected benefits and network effects of the Data Cloud; and (v) the integration, interoperability, and availability of Snowflake’s products, services, or technology offerings with or on third-party platforms or products, are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described under the heading “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in the Annual Reports on Form 10-K and the Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q that Snowflake files with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In light of these risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, the future events and trends discussed in the Materials may not occur, and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. As a result, you should not rely on any forwarding-looking statements as predictions of future events. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date the statements are first made and are based on information available to us at the time those statements are made and/or management's good faith belief as of that time. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation, and do not intend, to update the forward-looking statements in these Materials.
Any future product or roadmap information (collectively, the “Roadmap”) is intended to outline general product direction. The Roadmap is not a commitment, promise, or legal obligation for Snowflake to deliver any future products, features, or functionality; and is not intended to be, and shall not be deemed to be, incorporated into any contract. The actual timing of any product, feature, or functionality that is ultimately made available may be different from what is presented in the Roadmap. The Roadmap information should not be used when making a purchasing decision. In case of conflict between the information contained in the Materials and official Snowflake documentation, official Snowflake documentation should take precedence over these Materials. Further, note that Snowflake has made no determination as to whether separate fees will be charged for any future products, features, and/or functionality which may ultimately be made available. Snowflake may, in its own discretion, choose to charge separate fees for the delivery of any future products, features, and/or functionality which are ultimately made available.
The Materials may contain information provided by third-parties. Snowflake has not independently verified this information, and usage of this information does not mean or imply that Snowflake has adopted this information as its own or independently verified its accuracy.
Before we get started, I do want to share that we will be discussing some forward looking statements in today’s presentation.

Title
Company
Firstname Lastname

Data is spread across many different apps and platforms.
Finding deeper insights requires manual effort or data team help.
Governance & access permissions make data discovery difficult.
Users spend much time finding data across dashboards and apps.
Gaining Insights: A Complex Puzzle
4

Moving Beyond Search & Knowledge Into Insights
Knowledge
Pulls together content from robust knowledge bases and more readily surfaces that information. Helps understand the what.
Insights
Brings in business context, data, and reasoning to seamlessly understand the why - directly delivering insights.
Search
Get pointers to where knowledge and insights may live, but up to the user to navigate and uncover it from a pool of links.
5

Business Runs on Data: Data Agents Unlock It
“Snowflake's unified data and AI platform provides our developer team with scalable processing and retrieval for both structured and unstructured data — the critical building blocks for developing, deploying and orchestrating data agents powering our applications.”
Glenn Walker
Chief Data Officer, Luminate Data
Brand & product planningWhat are my top selling products (sales records), and why are people buying them today (reviews)?
Claims processing
Supplier management
Customer support
Insurance underwriting
Retail order management
6

What Would It Take to Get Insights Into Users Hands Today?
Building the application and interface
User and role access controls
Aggregating data from various sources
Agent capabilities (insights, actions, charts)
7

Introducing Snowflake Intelligence
AI-powered data agents for everyone
Ready-to-run application for rich conversational AI experiences on top of your Snowflake and business application data.
Integrated with Snowflake governance and access controls.
A standalone application so you can invite anyone in the business to surface insights and take action from your data.
8

HELLO SNOWFLAKE INTELLIGENCE
DEMO
9

What Is An Agent?
AI Agents refers to artificial intelligence systems that can be configured to reason through a task by breaking it into smaller subtasks for accomplishing a specific goal.
Planning
Track details
Tool use
Reflection
 AI agents dynamically handle multi-step actions and complex reasoning, a significant improvement over the mostly reactive software tools available today.
10

The Importance Of Context For Enterprise Agents
AGENTS
Insights
Accurate context delivers strong insights
Retrieval
This is what provides the “context”
Large Language Model


11

AI Agents Are the Future of the Enterprise
But there are challenges in scaling them
What questions can I ask?
How can I help?
Accuracy
Trust & Security
Governed Data Access
12

CONNECTING TO YOUR DATA
13

Surface Structured Insights Through 
Cortex Analyst
Why?Cortex Analyst is an agentic AI service powered LLMs on customer defined table semantics; all running inside Snowflake.
Customizable to your data
Enrich semantic model with business synonyms and metric definitions
Add common queries to Verified Query Repository (VQR)
Add business specific rules with custom instructions
OUT-OF-BOX ACCURACY
Cortex Analyst
GPT-4o
Databricks
*SQL generation accuracy on joins, based on internal benchmarks. 
Source: Snowflake Cortex Analyst: Introducing Joins for Star and Snowflake Schemas.
14

Snowflake Semantic Views
Users can access via any SQL interface or through the Cortex Analyst Semantic Model Generator.
Semantic View is a new schema level object that stores all semantic model information natively in the database, replacing the current Cortex Analyst YAML file stored in stage.
AI LLM accuracy is improved through the rule-based correctness of the Semantic Model. Allows BI business users to interact with data through consistent business metrics.
WHAT IS IT
WHY USE IT
HOW TO USE IT
In Dev
Private
Public
GA
15

Cortex Analyst - Semantic Autopilot
Automatically generates semantic models using context from dashboards, queries and external semantic layers.
16
Go to Snowsight → Cortex Analyst → Create Semantic Model
Let AI infer and populate model using existing context
Review and validate the generated model
Reduces months of manual modelling work to minutes
Speeds up setup of governed analytics
Helps standardize and scale enterprise insights
WHAT IS IT
WHY USE IT
HOW TO USE IT
In Dev
Private



Public
GA
SOON
16

Surface Unstructured Insights Through 
Cortex Search
Why?Combines vector and keyword search methods, along with ensemble of reranking models and customizable scoring. 
Customizable to your data
Automatically improve search quality via parameter tuning and evaluations 
Personalize the search ranking based on business data and user signals
Semantic term boosting for adaptive business search requirements
Retrieval system average performance across tasks
Avg NCDG@10
OUT-OF-BOX ACCURACY
Source: https://www.snowflake.com/en/engineering-blog/cortex-search-unmatched-quality-simplicity/
17

Azure Data Lake Storage
Azure Blob Storage
Meta Ads
Microsoft Dataverse
Others
Streaming
Database
Unstructured
SaaS
Google Sheets
Openflow Connectors in GA and PuPr as of June 3rd, 2025

Others
Streaming
Database
Unstructured
SaaS
Planned Openflow connectors roadmap, subject to change
Google BigQuery
Source & Sink
Meta Ads
Google Sheets
Microsoft Dataverse
Azure Data Lake Storage
Azure Blob Storage
Roadmap 

Partnership - Bi-directional integrations with partners 

esp. Box  

Draw on AI Ready External Content & Data
Contextualize responses with the latest industry knowledge & insights






Structured data products
Semantic model
Unstructured data products
AI READY GOLD
Sharing of 
Semantic Models (PrPr)
Structured data shares ready to plug into any Cortex-enabled application
Cortex Knowledge Extensions (GA Soon)
Up-to-date, relevant and properly-licensed third-party content
Data from your:     SaaS applications     |     Financial market data     |     Alternative data
News & Expert opinions  |  Technical books, documentation & forums	|  Research papers
Sharing Semantic Models: Cotality, CB Insights, CartoDB, Truestar, IPinfo, Snowflake
CKE: The Associated Press, USA Today Network, Stack Overflow, packt, CB Insights
20

DELIVERING INSIGHTS & ACTIONS
21

Out of the Box Tools for Your Agent
More to come…
File Upload
Custom Tools
Talk to your files and use file content to help enrich conversations
Call code securely in Snowflake to extend your agent to do anything
Web Search*
Reference up-to-date information to expand the knowledge of your agent to the public internet
Deep Analysis
Explore your data to answer challenging questions
*coming soon
22

Rich Interface
Choice of Data Sources
Retrieve Conversations
Provide 
Feedback
RECENT CONVERSATIONS 
Top Revenue Earning Companies Revealed
Confluence
Google Drive
Sales Enablement
Salesforce
Pipeline
Product Usage Cortex
Workday 

The response should include detail on the revenue as well as the inventory table.
Fundamentally, our product guiding principles for Gen AI are to provide a platform that is efficient, easy, and trusted.  It is built for enterprise in mind.

23

BRINGING TRUST TO YOUR INSIGHTS
24

Trust Your Agent
Integrated experiences to help understand and provide feedback on answers
See which answers are verified by data teams
Understand where the data is coming from
Integrated feedback to improve the agent
25

Keep Your Data Secured
Control who can see and converse with various data agents
Access policies, masking, and more are honored out of the box.
Ability to enforce search results for unstructured by user identifier (PrPr)
26

User Credentials Mapping
Simplified user management
Assign Snowflake roles to users
RBAC used for data retrievaland Agent access
Multiple credentialmanagement systems

Sales Agent
HR Agent
IT Agent
Mktg Agent
Structured 
Data
Semi-structured 
Data
Unstructured 
Data
All Your 
Data
27

Easily Build, Observe, and Improve Your Agents
Build a data agent in minutes
See who is interacting with the agent and various quality scores
Act on feedback and usage data to improve your agent
28
28

Flexible Interaction Model
Clarifications
Suggested Queries
Seed Questions
What was our case volume?
To confirm, this is for all of the products?
Can you tell me errorcode 212 on the printer?
Sorry I am unable to help with that specific question. But here are some queries that I can help answer:
How do I reset the error code
What is the error code 200?
How do I load a new toner
Let me know how I can help. You can ask questions related to IT support:
How do I set up mynew laptop?
Where is IT office located?
How do I reset my password?
29

AGENT ADMINISTRATION
DEMO
30

Transforming AI Adoption with Snowflake Intelligence
Data Gathering
Text to SQL

Research
Business User AI Adoption
Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG)
How many of you remember the movie ‘Interstellar’? It’s definitely one of my favorite movies. In the movie Interstellar, there’s a concept of Transposing, which refers to sending information across space & time. Well, too much of guesswork, let me explain the analogy in detail.
Traditionally, the ‘Talk to the Data’ journey for an organization matured through the task specific LLMs that could do ‘Text to SQL’, ‘Retrieval Augmented Generation’ or RAG and then the final frontier of ‘Research or Reasoning’, allowing business users to ask pointed, specific questions at each step leading to a good quality Descriptive analytics. Although each step unlocked new insights, the information was all fairly distributed and required a human to connect the dots.
With Snowflake Intelligence, business users can access Snowflake directly and leverage job-based or persona-based AI Agents and ask subjective, qualitative & Diagnostic questions on top of their enterprise data via a user friendly interface. Users can also ask ‘Research’ based on ‘Reasoning’ based questions which may require the Agent to consider web data, API’s or other 3rd party sources. This truly breaks the boundaries of the type of questions you can ask and brings a ‘Human’ element to the entire conversation. All of this helps us Transpose from the Data Gathering stage, directly to the Business User AI Adoption without having to go through the hops.
This paradigm shift helps us to go from the technical output based tasks to the business outcome based jobs that also allows the business users & data scientists to collaborate at ease, reducing the testing cycle significantly and shortening the time to market.

As an ELITE Snowflake Services partner, we have worked with numerous clients in developing such ‘Text to SQL’ or ‘RAG’ solutions so far. And User Training has been a big part of it the adoption cycle. Explaining the end users how the chatbot works, creating a user guide on what kind of questions to ask and more importantly what not to ask, explaining the boundaries of the chatbot, etc. With Snowflake Intelligence, User Training and the overall User Adoption is going to become significantly faster as the users can now ask a much larger variety of questions and the boundaries of what it cannot do are fading away.

Lastly, as an SI partner, we at kipi have been experiencing the shift first hand, where the end users want answers to the ‘Why’ part of the question and not just ‘What’. AI Agents allow you to do that. As Snowflake Intelligence is bringing business users closer to the technology teams it also improves the overall quality of the output and reduces the cycles.
To put it simply, Snowflake Intelligence truly expedites the AI Adoption at the Business User level across your organization.

The GenAI Wild West Data Challenge
New ISVs & Multi-Team Experimental Development Creating “Wild West” Data Silos, Inefficiencies & Risks
Unstructured Data
Data Challenges
A centralized data architecture is needed to improve unstructured data processing
Data silos & risks
Inefficiency
Higher costs
AI ISVs & AI App Platforms
Customer RAG AI App
Unstructured data analytics for BI & ML
Workplace RAG AI App
In-House Dev Teams
Processed data
Vector DB / Index
Ingest Process
Embed index
Orchestrate
Retrieve
Summarize
Assistant
DATA GOVERNANCE BOUNDARY
32

Need to Upgrade Data Platform Architecture to Address GenAI Needs
Co-locate Structured & Unstructured Data Processing; Support Structured, Unstructured Data & ML Powered Apps
DATA CONSUMPTION

Agents, Apps, ML
RETRIEVE
DATA 
PROCESSING

Bronze → Silver → Gold
AI READY DATA PLATFORM
DATA SOURCES

Structured & Unstructured
INGEST
33

RETRIEVE
Customer 360 Powered by GenAI 
and Snowflake Intelligence
Co-locate Structured & Unstructured Data Processing; Support Structured, Unstructured Data & ML Powered Apps






AI READY DATA PLATFORM
















PROCESSING
SILVER
BRONZE
Structured data products
Semantic model
Unstructured data products
AI READY GOLD
Structured data processing
Unstructured data processing
Collaboration
Zoom, Gong
Knowledge Bases
Sharepoint, GDrive
SaaS Vendors
Salesforce, Zendesk
ERP
SAP, Netsuite
SaaS App
Customer DBs
DATA SOURCES
INGEST
SNOWFLAKE
INTELLIGENCE
AI assistant / agents 
Operations
Apps
34

How to Make Your Data Platform AI Ready: Four Key New Components
Optimized Unstructured Data Ingestion, Unstructured Data Processing Engine, AI Ready Gold Layer & AI Retrieval & Sharing
AI assistant / agents 
Operations
BI
Machine Learning
Apps
USES






AI READY DATA PLATFORM
















PROCESSING
SILVER
BRONZE
Structured data products
Semantic model
Structured data processing
Collaboration
Zoom, Gong
Knowledge Bases
Sharepoint, GDrive
SaaS Vendors
Salesforce, Zendesk
ERP
SAP, Netsuite
SaaS App
Customer DBs
DATA SOURCES
INGEST
SHARE & RETRIEVE
Unstructured data products
AI READY GOLD
Unstructured data processing
(powered by LLMs & LLMOps/Evals)
OpenFlow, Snowpipe
SQL, Python, Vector, KW
1
2
3
4
35

Best Practices and Tips
Each agent should have a business owner and a data owner working collaboratively
The semantic model is often the best place to add more data and context to improve the quality of your agent
Start small - find a single business function or application, build it, test it, improve it. Grow from there
Create golden dataset to ensure the experience does not regress as you add more functionality to your Agent
Conduct a pilot with a small set of users to identify interaction blind spots
1
2
3
5
6
Bigger is not always better for your semantic view. Splitting views makes it easier for the agent to call across multiple datasets
4
36

Roadmap
MCP and A2A integration
Integration of agents with Slack and Teams
Spaces to share and collaborate on charts and insights
One-click integration of Openflow with Snowflake Intelligence (including access controls)
More regions
37

THANK YOU
